-# Alpha Profile {#alpha-profile}

Adding useful detail to your profile
***Average Completion Time: 30 minutes***

Checklist:

- [ ] Add Remaining Positions
- [ ] Enter Descriptions for Work Experience

## Add Remaining Positions {#alpha-profile-add-remaining-positions}
To build your minimum profile you entered your last 3 positions with the job title, date and company. Do the same for the rest of your work experience.

## Enter Descriptions for Work Experience {#alpha-profile-enter-descriptions}

For each position in your work experience add a few sentences to the description that tell the story of your time there. 

An ideal description includes

- Responsibilities.
What you did and were responsible for.
- Technologies.
How you did it, what key technologies you used.
- Team. Number of people on your team and what other teams you worked with, what position you had within the team.
Who you did the work with.
- Performance metrics.
The impact of your work or the project.

Here is an example:

> The WidgetCo RemindMe app used notifications to remind users of important tasks. As the most senior developer out of 10 on the RemindMe team I worked primarily on bug fixes and performance improvements. Thousands of happy and crash-free users later the app had 4 stars in the App Store.
>

Or this could be as simple as:

> At COMPANY I implemented FEATURE using TECHNOLOGY for COMPANY APP. My contributions enabled the team of TEAM SIZE developers to deliver a world class app using TECHNOLOGY on PLATFORM. COMPANY APP earned DOLLAR VALUE for COMPANY and made NUMBER OF USERS people happy.
> 

Keep in mind though that the number of users or revenue generated by an app may be sensitive or proprietary information. Make sure the information is public before using it in your profile!

If you cover just half of those points - responsibilities, technologies, team and impact - you're doing better than most. Don't worry too much about making things perfect.
